miez tardiv
bolnav însănătoșit
izbitor nevăzut
aseptic microbian
eterogen unitar
fără potrivit
activ mort
cu plat
grațios nepriceput
agreabil inconfortabil
agale rapid
echivoc neambiguu
cuviincios licențios
gravidă neînsărcinată
cald distant
generos zgârcit
nevătămător nociv
neizbutit succes
nesigur încredere
lipsă prezent
material nesubstanțial
modest ostentativ
ascuțit mocnit
de sărman
necivilizat politicos
amorțit dinamic
dezinfectat microbian
gros subțire
leal neonest
corect neonest
dispus descurajator
potrivnic prieten
bisexual heterosexual
domol vioi
adevărat fals
binecuvântat blestemat
moderat moderație
comun neobișnuit
toi timpuriu
drept strâmb
bogat nevoiaș
competent nepregătit
euforic nefericit
probleme tihnit
curat dizgrațios
capabil nepregătit
delicat solid
abscons direct
anterograd retrograd
bine descurajant
bolnav sănătos
concis prolix
proaspăt vechi
borțoasă neînsărcinată
rimat rimă
divin pământesc
exterior interior
ascuțit tocit
profund superficial
comun individual
acerb molatic
decisiv nedecis
întredeschis închis
eficace ineficient
bogat clasă
neglijent ordonat
de liber
fecund nefertil
animal neînsuflețit
mijloc nevoiaș
corespunzător inadecvat
combinat simplu
luminos mat
eventual improbabil
amical vrăjmaș
nesigur încrezător
timid îndrăzneț
cuminte nebunesc
descurajant voios
efectiv ineficient
netulburat probleme
fantezist simplu
discontinuu neîncetat
meritoriu nedemn
deprimant voios
sănătos uituc
vertical înclinat
nefamiliar știut
incert pecetluit
blestemat binecuvântat
tocit tăios
chel hirsut
androgin bărbătesc
netulburat problematic
incert neîndoios
curat dezgustător
alt același
luminos obscur
modest provocator
incoruptibil incorect
căință impenitent
gazos solid
neprietenos prietenesc
energic slab
aproape depărtat
dinainte dinapoi
mișcare nemișcat
demoralizant voios
angular rotunjit
agil prost
timpuriu tardiv
demoralizator vesel
monovalent polivalent
imperfect impecabil
hotărât nedecis
alb-negru color
clasă nevoiaș
lin sprinten
incorect leal
exotermic endoterm
copt crud
binișor rapid
prieten vrăjmaș
cultivat needucat
gălăgios liniștit
ingrat recunoscător
majoritar minoritar
drept zimțat
hirsut pleșuv
aspru molatec
lipsit liber
principal subordonat
imprevizibil predictibil
bătrân tânăr
ager încurcat
animal mort
multilateral unilateral
analfabet știutor
colateral drept
neserios încredere
steril septic
principal secundar
animal neanimat
cardinal ordinal
nou vechi
endoterm exotermic
nemulțumit satisfăcut
imposibil probabil
bogat sărman
ascuțit înăbușit
nobil zgârcit
instabil susținut
noros senin
dizgrațios nepătat
prost repede
brunet blond
septic steril
grațios neîndemânatic
grațios stângaci
de sărac
bărbătesc femeiesc
bont tăios
constant schimbător
mijloc sărac
decis șovăielnic
nerăbdător pacient
chel păros
prost sprinten
nesănătos în
bălai oacheș
fin încâlcit
central periferic
colțuros rotunjit
ager nedeslușit
cutezător timid
miez târziu
rimă rimat
mic înalt
tardiv toi
grăbit urmă
direct ocolit
domesticit neîmblânzit
sălbatic îmblânzit
neutru pozitiv
deschis închis
concav convex
confuz fin
imparțial părtinitor
extensiv intensiv
acceptabil nepermis
lat îngust
descurajant dispus
drept injust
discontinuu necontenit
nerafinat procesat
timpuriu toi
lax tensionat
alene rapid
luminos întunecos
trecut viitor
bogat calic
nemișcat în
deprimant dispus
cunoscut nefamiliar
inconstant neîntrerupt
corporal imaterial
nevalabil valid
drept încovoiat
asemănător diferit
perpendicular înclinat
cuviincios indecent
calicie generos
insignifiant semnificativ
amplu sărac
neindicat potrivit
heterosexual pederast
fără gras
de nevoiaș
chibzuit necugetat
ambiguu inechivoc
necurat pur
neinformat pregătit
liniștit probleme
dificil ușor
dominant subordonat
maniabil refractar
domol sprinten
evident neclar
pitic înalt
disproporționat proporțional
neexistent prezent
liber robit
aspru neted
competent nepriceput
mare mic
bogat mijloc
periculos sigur
dezirabil nedorit
bălai tuciuriu
sensibil încurcat
mort viu
analfabet carte
dumnezeiesc pământesc
aton tonic
frapant nevăzut
bălai negricios
treaz îmbătat
iute prost
afirmativ nefavorabil
molatec necruțător
incorect integru
antipatic agreabil
necorespunzător potrivit
mândru umil
chibzuit nebunesc
curat contaminat
binevenit inoportun
nesigur neîntrerupt
neîndemânatic suav
stângaci suav
eterogen omogen
controlabil dificil
lejer tensionat
inofensiv nociv
important insignifiant
destins încordat
prieten potrivnic
aproape îndepărtat
primar secundar
amical ostil
incoruptibil neonest
nesăbuit înțelept
fizic imaterial
actual potențial
ireproșabil imperfect
emoționat neafectat
mijloc tardiv
inocent vinovat
calm furtunos
păstrat proaspăt
bogat de
modest mândru
incorect incoruptibil
abil inocent
uscat ud
direct închis
integru necinstit
problematic tihnit
nesupus obedient
binevoitor vrăjmaș
nebunesc socotit
nepotrivit nimerit
explicit implicit
tihnit îngrijorat
concentrat distribuit
blond negricios
același diferit
dezinfectat septic
gingaș solid
timpuriu întârziat
curent trecut
larg strâmt
extraordinar normal
decis ezitant
impotent tare
empiric teoretic
blând intens
colorat incolor
moale tensionat
impresionat neafectat
gras grăsime
clasă sărac
neted rugos
păros pleșuv
competent neinformat
constructiv distrugător
mic mare
neted zgrunțuros
mobil nemișcat
scund înalt
tridimensional unidimensional
debil viguros
endoterm exoterm
amical dușmănos
ascuțit bont
nereușit succes
generos meschin
descurcăreț ingenuu
efectiv ineficace
impredictibil previzibil
inflexibil mlădios
bălai brunet
neprevăzut predictibil
avizat neinformat
incert neîndoielnic
cert nesigur
familiar nefiresc
neschimbat schimbător
fierbinte rece
echivoc univoc
amețit treaz
lat mic
adecvat necorespunzător
nedemn valoros
delicat nepriceput
constructiv nimicitor
clasă sărman
tulburat tihnit
calic de
central marginal
timid încrezător
privat public
sfios îndrăzneț
cuvenit nepotrivit
cutezător sfios
avar mărinimos
incoerent logic
neclintit în
bălai brun
dispus demoralizator
grăsime gras
jos înalt
aspru fin
liber lipsit
bidimensional tridimensional
homosexual heterosexual
capabil nechemat
mare minor
frumos urât
prost vioi
fără semnificativ
neputincios tare
dezavantajos favorabil
leal necinstit
instabil solid
tihnit tulburat
imperfect ireproșabil
insignifiant important
determinant neînsemnat
impenitent plin
suav stângaci
nebunesc înțelept
intermitent necontenit
ireproșabil rău
acromat cromatic
cuvenit neindicat
neafectat înduioșat
clasă calic
de eșuat
neotrăvitor toxic
curent viitor
bine demoralizant
model simplu
mijloc întârziat
drept nejust
ridicat scăzut
neutru negativ
intermitent neîntrerupt
tare încet
limpede neclar
relaxat tensionat
capabil necompetent
mulțumitor nesatisfăcător
neajutorat suav
demoralizator dispus
imobil mișcare
mat strălucitor
important minor
brun blond
ascuns deschis
liniștit tulburat
neprietenos tovărășesc
demonstrativ nepretențios
neafectat tulburat
neîntrerupt nesigur
senin înnorat
animal inanimat
ineficace operațional
descurajator încurajator
artificial natural
pastelat închis
discontinuu neîntrerupt
potențial prezent
activ pasiv
blond brunet
neascultător obedient
neschimbat schimbabil
plăsmuit real
necomercial negustoresc
dezgustător nepătat
decis nehotărât
firav robust
de neserios
bisexual homosexual
nespart zdrobit
mărinimos zgârcit
public privat
larg mic
fără moderat
capabil incompetent
drept stâng
hotărât neclar
nerealist realistic
slab viguros
prezent trecut
larg îngust
neconfirmat pecetluit
meritoriu nevrednic
solid șubred
descurajator dispus
drept dințat
dezagreabil potrivit
timpuriu târziu
eșuat succes
euforic nenorocit
prezent viitor
neliniștit ușor
fecund sterp
robust slab
lat strâmt
androgin femeiesc
bine deprimant
nepărtinitor parțial
sterilizat septic
meschin nobil
brav laș
cinstit strâmb
inferior superior
experimentat fără
bisexual pederast
abil nepriceput
calic mijloc
analfabet alfabetizat
aprins mort
determinant secundar
opac transparent
ușor vioi
leal necorect
deprimant vesel
nepăsător precaut
invariabil variat
permanent temporar
echitabil injust
adânc ușor
ineficient productiv
nesubordonat obedient
firav solid
ridicat redus
heterosexual homosexual
necugetat socotit
eficient ineficace
parțial întreg
mijloc sărman
toi tardiv
insolvent solvabil
molatic necruțător
demoralizator voios
demoralizant vesel
același alt
consistent moale
agreabil neplăcut
impecabil imperfect
nepretențios provocator
de nesigur
gaz plat
majuscul minuscul
eventual imposibil
nerăbdător îndurător
endotermic exoterm
adecvat nepotrivit
fără optimist
precedent următor
avariție generos
drept inechitabil
diform proporționat
demonstrativ modest
fin rugos
necompetent priceput
concentric excentric
minuscul majuscul
naiv sofisticat
onest strâmb
mijloc târziu
binevoitor dușmănos
strâmt întins
blond brun
acerb molatec
exoterm endotermic
heterosexual invertit
plăpând solid
demoralizant dispus
moale vârtos
coerent ilogic
elastic inflexibil
cald rezervat
laș neînfricat
inechitabil just
ireproșabil urât
cu simplu
clar opac
nesănătos salutar
liniștit problematic
fragil solid
gazos lichid
reunit separat
energic letargic
nesigur susținut
competent incapabil
plictisitor vioi
bombat concav
semnificativ zadarnic
intermitent neîncetat
fecund infertil
drept neechitabil
antipatic simpatic
costisitor ieftin
convex scobit
isteț prost
mișcat neafectat
proaspăt sărat
chibzuit nesăbuit
sensibil încâlcit
nimerit nepotrivit
just neechitabil
gol plin
lin vioi
dezgustător respectabil
ambiguu univoc
actual viitor
domol rapid
dispus demoralizant
alfabetizat analfabet
inconstant statornic
competent necalificat
contaminat curat
gras slab
hotărât indecis
frământat ușor
inadecvat potrivit
septic sterilizat
local național
nepriceput suav
convex concav
fără rimat
generos zgârcenie
inconfortabil plăcut
conservator liberal
extern intern
senin țâfnos
apetisant neatrăgător
comod inconfortabil
constant nestatornic
complex simplu
liniștit zgomotos
moderație moderat
cald rece
democratic nedemocrat
adipos slab
necugetat înțelept
nedeslușit sensibil
inamic prieten
aton accentuat
închis întredeschis
neîmbrăcat înțolit
incompetent priceput
mulțumit nesatisfăcut
cuminte nesăbuit
crestat drept
searbăd vioi
inteligent prost
neînsemnat semnificativ
clandestin legal
ager confuz
aspru moale
plin vid
de impenitent
absent prezent
bucuros trist
greu ușor
plat spumos
bărbătesc poltron
compatibil inconsistent
dispus deprimant
arcuit drept
rotunjit unghiular
negustoresc necomercial
confuz sensibil
pleșuv păros
descurajant încurajator
clar nearticulat
destins tensionat
curbat drept
jucăuș serios
familiar neobișnuit
nepretențios ostentativ
ceresc pământesc
invizibil izbitor
calic clasă
apatic energic
binevoitor ostil
ieftin scump
statornic schimbător
exact imprecis
negativ pozitiv
analog deosebit
laș viteaz
cromatic neutru
acceptabil inadmisibil
miez întârziat
minor major
toi târziu
necinstit onest
neastâmpărat serios
avar nobil
de nereușit
endotermic exotermic
exoterm endoterm
luminos întunecat
mișcare neclintit
amplu modest
curat murdar
mobil neclintit
actual trecut
integru neonest
mare îngust
dezavantajos prielnic
puternic slab
aspru molatic
competent nechemat
just nedrept
ghinionist norocos
nesfințit sfânt
cosit netăiat
afurisit binecuvântat
exotermic endotermic
ascuțit înfundat
corespunzător nepotrivit
corect necinstit
insensibil senzorial
mândru modest
debil puternic
avar generos
blond tuciuriu
brunet bălai
mărinimos meschin
miez timpuriu
rost semnificativ
moderație potrivit
tăios tocit
neplăcut potrivit
fecund steril
călduros răcoros
compus simplu
amorțit energic
corect greșit
instabil neîntrerupt
grăbit în
fizic nesubstanțial
asemănător deosebit
relaxat încordat
microbian steril
de neizbutit
general specific
incapabil priceput
schimbător statornic
anost vioi
atrofiat mărit
autentic fals
abil ingenuu
târziu timpuriu
natural nefiresc
moale necruțător
fin zgrunțuros
brun bălai
afirmativ negativ
dinapoi dinainte
integru necorect
inodor mirositor
alb negru
optimist speranță
atractiv neatrăgător
dinamic letargic
extraordinar obișnuit
ostil prieten
constructiv distructiv
antipatic plăcut
corect rău
nelimitat redus
minoritar majoritar
mare strâmt
prolix succint
euforic mâhnit
deosebit înrudit
agitat ușor
energic placid
nefiresc natural
nevrednic valoros
descurajant vesel
bine demoralizator
descurajator vesel
inconstant susținut
descurajator voios
experiență experimentat
determinant minor
experimentat experiență
cu tihnit
direct ocolitor
ezitant hotărât
prezent potențial
neîmbrăcat înveșmântat
blond oacheș
echitabil nejust
nesigur sine
formă nesănătos
divizat unit
analfabet de
neeficient productiv
urmă înainte
toi întârziat
integru incorect
ciudat familiar
cromatic neutral
fin încurcat
atrofiat hipertrofiat
bogat sărac
afară interior
moale tare
descurcăreț inocent
plicticos vioi
central mărginaș
nechemat priceput
debil energic
găunos masiv
minor mare
imobil în
important neînsemnat
bun uituc
proaspăt răsuflat
armonios diform
apropiat îndepărtat
neastâmpărat ușor
netulburat îngrijorat
curat infectat
incoruptibil necinstit
continuu intermitent
deosebit similar
ilicit legal
colateral direct
dezagreabil plăcut
negativ neutru
optimist pesimist
grațios neajutorat
deflaționist inflaționist
redus ridicat
delicat neîndemânatic
delicat stângaci
autentic contrafăcut
curajos laș
copt verde
drept zimțuit
civilizat nepoliticos
asigurat nesigur
lichid solid
liniștit îngrijorat
ager încâlcit
fin nedeslușit
bisexual invertit
cuminte necugetat
murdar pur
incert sigur
decent licențios
conștient neatent
accentuat aton
inatacabil vulnerabil
dințat drept
microbian sterilizat
sprinten ușor
neadecvat potrivit
delicat neajutorat
agreabil antipatic
inexistent prezent
proaspăt păstrat
adecvat neindicat
indispensabil nenecesar
echitabil nedrept
meschin mărinimos
fracționar întreg
favorabil nepotrivit
insolvabil solvent
inflexibil suplu
intoxicat treaz
domesticit sălbatic
alternativ opus
bombat scobit
nesăbuit socotit
hotărât șovăielnic
frapant invizibil
neprevăzut previzibil
crud copt
exterior intern
nociv nevătămător
ud uscat
neaccentuat tonic
dispus descurajant
concordant inconsistent
ager prost
târziu toi
bidimensional unidimensional
corect urât
acerb moale
primejdios sigur
acceptabil neîngăduit
brut diez
incomensurabil măsurabil
corespunzător neadecvat
insensibil senzitiv
bun rău
cu netulburat
bine descurajator
frânt nespart
impotent viril
izbitor invizibil
cu liniștit
mijloc timpuriu
important secundar
unit împărțit
dizgrațios respectabil
desăvârșit imperfect
lung scurt
diferit similar
nesănătos salubru
incoruptibil necorect
neintenționat voluntar
premergător următor
corect strâmb
nepregătit priceput
rapid încet
major minor
biped patruped
tardiv timpuriu
